What's this?
What the fuck? What are you?
Come here, you son of a bitch. Come here.
Hey, you bastard!
You, you motherfucker...
Let's go.
Ah...
Hyung, let's call an ambulance.
Geon-woo. This is getting serious.
Someone's going to die, hyung.
Hyun-joo.
The homeless old man
is badly hurt.
So we called an ambulance.
What about Yang Jae-myeong?
Ah, he ran away.
Fuck! I told you not to get involved!
No, but he was so badly hurt
that we had no choice.
Why get involved with someone
you don't even know, damn it!
Ah, ah, but we...
Oh, what do we do?
I'll call her.
Why?
Ah, yes, Hyun-joo.
Ah, um...
I'm truly, truly sorry.
We were 100% wrong.
Where are you now?
I want to meet you and apologize in person.
It's fine. It's over.
Ah, Hyun-joo! Hyun-joo! Hyun-joo!
Please give me just 5 minutes, okay?
I'm truly, genuinely sorry.
I'm being serious.
Geon-woo wants to apologize too.
Please, just 5 minutes.
Please.
Come to the bookstore.
Hyung, I...
I honestly don't understand.
Why? What is it?
If we had just stood by,
the homeless old man
could have died.
You saw it too, hyung.
I know.
We did the right thing,
so why are you apologizing like that?
Why do we have to apologize?
Geon-woo, this is our
first job, right?
Hyun-joo wasn't there, so it's
hard for her to empathize.
It happened when we still didn't
know each other well.
So about the misunderstanding, uh?
If we apologize,
I think we can
communicate enough.
No, but... Geon-woo.
I honestly don't think
you did anything wrong.
But from a business perspective,
if we just help each other a bit,
I think this can be resolved well.
Just this once, okay?
Uh, okay.
Don't sit.
This will be over quickly.
You fought with Yang Jae-myeong, right?
It was unavoidable.
We can't work together.
Why?
Isn't that obvious?
Ah, we sincerely apologized and...
The apology isn't what's important.
You showed your faces to Yang Jae-myeong, right? Right?
I was trying to quietly follow Yang Jae-myeong
to gather evidence.
Now that Yang Jae-myeong knows someone's
following him,
he'll be more cautious, right?
In other words! My plan is ruined.
We wore hats and masks, so he probably
didn't see our faces.
Oh, you covered your faces, so he
wouldn't recognize you at all.
This fucked-up hair
isn't visible, so he wouldn't recognize it.
Fuck! I'd recognize it
from 100 meters away!
What are you doing? Get out.
We apologized! Get out now!
The situation was unavoidable... What situation?
No, this is our first time
working together.
How can we do well from the start?
That's why I said no from the start!
We move based on the situation!
What kind of situation is that?
I called you earlier!
Fuck!
Don't you understand?
Fuck, what are you talking about?
Ah, we'll leave, we'll leave.
Damn it, seriously.
We'll leave, we'll leave, so
don't yell.
The salary the boss gave me, I'll...
I'll give it all back
somehow.
But, since hyung and I
listened to Hyun-joo yell,
Hyun-joo, too,
please listen to just one thing I have to say.
If someone tells you to kill a person
to make Hyun-joo's work succeed,
can you kill them?
Can you?
The CEO of Smile Capital
stabbed him.
If I just stood by while someone was dying,
I'd be worse than that CEO.
That's not true.
Please think about it.
Hyung, I'll look for another place.
Don't worry too much.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hold back.
You held back better
than I did.
Hungry? I know a hangover soup place. Let's go.
Ah, wait.
It's probably closed because of COVID.
It's past 10.
Now I'm even hungrier.
I forgot.
Ah, my stomach hurts.
Hey, is it my fault
that restaurants are closed because of COVID?
Well, you said it, so it's your fault.
Hey, you couldn't hold back with Hyun-joo just now!
You said I held back well just now?
That's because you were
cowering like a wimp, so I felt sorry for you.
I wasn't a wimp.
Ugh.
'No, I wasn't a wimp.'
Ugh. What are you doing?
I'm imitating you, you wimp.
'Ah, I'm hungry. Ah, my stomach hurts.'
Wow, hyung, you're really ugly.
Why are your jokes
so harsh?
Huh? It's not a joke, I'm serious.
I'm truly hurt by this.
Apologize.
Uh, hyung?
I knew this would happen!
Hey, hey!
It's short, short, short!
It's short! Short!
It's too short!
Ah, damn, so noisy.
Damn it.
Get angry! While playing, really.
That's an expensive club.
What are you upset about?
Hit it quickly.
Ah, I will!
It's my turn, right?
It's my turn, you idiot.
Why are you swearing? Annoying.
It's my choice.
You need to wear a mask.
Okay.
What?
Director, someone's
following us.
Who is it?
They're young punks,
but they seem to have trained a bit.
Are you sure?
Huh?
Are you sure someone's
following us, you bastard! Damn it!
Are you paying attention?
Ah, that...
Tell me.
Ah, before I worked
under you, Director,
I borrowed money
somewhere for a while,
and those bastards didn't ask for it back,
so I just ignored it...
Tell me quickly!
They came to collect the money
recently.
The bastard who came to collect the money
was wearing a red cat hat.
And... the bastard who attacked us today
was wearing the same hat.
Was it a coincidence?
No, it's the same.
Where did you borrow money from?
To briefly explain
yesterday's situation,
the collapsed homeless old man
already had his ID stolen
by Yang Jae-myeong,
and Yang Jae-myeong forgot about it,
spoke to him, and then a fight broke out.
Ah, but how much does Yang Jae-myeong's
crew get in loans
with just one stolen ID?
50 million won for one phantom bank account?
If they steal ten IDs, it's 500 million.
Ah, how long have they been doing this?
At least half a year, I think.
Wow, they must have earned quite a bit, hmm...
But do the loan sharks
who got swindled just stand by?
They can't report it to the police
because it'll lead to an investigation,
and they can't find them
even if they try personally.
This is what I'm trying to do.
Find the private loan sharks
who were scammed by Yang Jae-myeong,
collect the money Yang Jae-myeong borrowed,
and take a commission.
No timeline provided by user.
00:00